Update README after changing repository ownership (#113)
scalar-labs/btm: README.md

# Bitronix Transaction Manager (BTM)

Bitronix Transaction Manager (BTM) is a simple but complete implementation of the Java Transaction API (JTA) 1.1. This eXtended Architecture (XA) transaction manager provides all services required by the JTA while keeping the code as simple as possible for easier understanding of XA semantics.

The master version of the current source was built and published on the [Maven Central repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.marcus-nl.btm).

> ## What's new

Reviewer: I think we can remove the section because it's not really new anymore.
But, I want to keep in the release tag.
BTW, I noticed there is not 3.0 tag in the releases...
So, later, we can tag 3.0 and copy the section to the release note.

Author: I agree. For now, I've removed this section. 

I've also created a [draft of the 3.0.0 release](https://github.com/scalar-labs/btm/releases/tag/untagged-8b17e22130fcaaa0052c) that includes the contents of the `## What's new` section.

Reviewer: That's great. Thank you!  🙇

workload compared to BTM 2.1, total connection wait time went from 76 seconds to 372ms, and lock contentions went from 26269
to just 21.
* High-performance proxies around `javax.sql` entities via bytecode generation with support for Javassist and cglib, with 
fallback to `java.lang.reflect.proxy`. Javassist and cglib offer substantial performance increases and are strongly recommended.
* High-performance transaction log journaling using a new design that allows concurrent appenders through a write-reservation model. The new journal is 3 to 14 times faster than BTM 2.1.
* Support for all levels of JDBC up to and including JDBC 4.1.
* OSGi support.
* A change of license from LGPL v3 to Apache 2.

## General information

For general information, see the following:

* [Overview](https://github.com/scalar-labs/btm/wiki/Overview)
* [FAQ](https://github.com/scalar-labs/btm/wiki/FAQ)

## Configuration

For details about configuring BTM, see the following:

* [Transaction manager configuration](https://github.com/scalar-labs/btm/wiki/Transaction-manager-configuration)
* [Resource loader configuration](https://github.com/scalar-labs/btm/wiki/Resource-loader-configuration)

> ## Credits

Reviewer: Let's move this section to the top (above the `what's new` section) for now.

Author: I'm OK with that👍

> Scalar, Inc., would like to thank [@bitronix](https://twitter.com/bitronix) and [@BrettWooldridge](https://twitter.com/BrettWooldridge) for their innovative work on BTM. They have gracefully transferred ownership of this repository to us so that we can continue to maintain and build on this project.

Reviewer: How about something like this? Please correct my English.
```suggestion
BTM had been created and maintained by the Bitronix team and its community, especially [@bitronix](https://twitter.com/bitronix) and [@BrettWooldridge](https://twitter.com/BrettWooldridge).
Scalar, Inc. took over the great project so that we can continue to maintain and build on the project.
We would like to thank [@bitronix](https://twitter.com/bitronix) and [@BrettWooldridge](https://twitter.com/BrettWooldridge) for their innovative work on BTM.
```

Author: Sounds good! I've made some minor edits to your suggestion and moved this section near the top of this README.
